hello hello everyone thank you caitlyn
hi welcome to saastr scale i am brian
alcester ryan i'm really excited to chat
with you today um before we really dive
in do you want to kick off like what we
could expect to walk away with
hopefully some good takeaways you know i
know we're going to have lots of
different folks here that are driving
their business and hopefully some things
to think about for scale i'm probably at
a different level of skill now than many
in our audience but i've been on all
sides of this over the multiple decades
i've been in sas software
fantastic yeah i'm excited to get into
the weeds here because there's some real
cool things to unpack before we do let's
just get started with an introduction of
yourself why don't you get a little bit
of a picture into your background sure
i'm happy to do that so again i'm ryan
asus today i'm the chief revenue officer
at zoom and i basically run the go to
market customer facing team so as you'd
expect the direct sales the indirect
sales the solution engineering the
account management csms support teams
professional services um basically you
know operations the teams that make it
happen for the customer at the end of
the day
my passion is really about leading
winning teams
that's you know what i've been about um
for quite a long time and if i kind of
iron irony in this job i've been at zoom
now for just about ten quarters you know
as a sales leader you talk in quarters
um but before that um i
almost been preparing for this probably
for the last couple decades you know
right before i came here i was actually
at room central and i joined ring
central you know probably about 30
people in the united states
i really started sales outside of one
person in bd in the us for that and
basically got it on a run rate to a
billion dollars in revenue and you know
that was a great run where i ran global
sales and also services and then before
that i actually almost spent a decade at
webex
and so i was employed number 200 came in
just below for ipo um started literally
carrying a bag and selling quickly moved
it up to the management different
leading sales operations and a variety
of different sales leadership roles over
the years all the way through
acquisition with cisco and so um somehow
i feel like the culmination of those
jobs has kind of led me to this time and
place with the opportunity here at zoom
i love that intro and you know it's
honest as a young vp of sales i have a
lot that i can learn from today as well
so i'll be uh diligently taking notes on
my end uh but but that said uh this is
exciting i i think one thing you just
called out right away is that you're an
individual that has a passion for
leading women elite leading winning
teams and at the same time uh someone
that uh really focuses on that that have
anything to do with the customer end and
i think if anybody's focused there and
truly focus on the customer that's when
that magic happens for leading those
winning teams so i'm excited um let's
paint a picture right so
you've just joined zoom things are going
well things are scaling you're relevant
and suddenly the world decides to pivot
on a dime and bam the rocket ship is is
is a whole new speed it's like a warp
speed right um i know we're going to
talk about we've we've kind of trimmed
this down to five ways to scale a team
but before we get truly to those five
points
can you tell me a little bit about you
know you've entered this and you're
what's going through your brain what's
going through your mind as this happens
as this shift takes place
yeah um you know i wish we i could say
we had a lot of time to think um but
just like
the world honestly we had to react
yeah and you know we were not that
different i literally remember that i
don't remember the exact day i was in
march of last you know a couple years
ago now almost and you know around the
first week and got everybody in the
office and we kind of i gathered people
kind of near me and my floor and said
you know we're gonna grab your stuff
we're gonna go home you probably don't
understand this it's kind of an
abundance of caution we just want to be
really safe we're a little early um but
you know we see this thing coming
there's some things going on in the
world
you know go ahead and literally take
your chair take your monitor
you know god willing we'll all be back
here in two weeks and we'll be ready to
roll and um you know here we are not
quite but getting close within a quarter
or so to two years later um and we're
not still fully back in the office and
so um just like everybody else you know
you have to adjust and that's one of the
great things about humans is you kind of
find a way and you make things happen
it's incredible though because having i
love that you said that you had to react
i think everyone was in that same boat i
had the same conversation but my my hr
came over to me and whispered in my ear
hey we're closing tomorrow we don't know
when we're coming back take your things
like it was like okay this is a little
interesting but like you're you're
you're you're zoom you're in the heart
of what now is it is you know considered
an essential essential tool to to
business in order to
combat um the the close down a few of
these shutdowns that we all had to
endure like so can you can you tell me a
little bit about how you had to spin
that reaction
into maybe more proactive planning
because i can't imagine anything like
this was anywhere near anybody's docket
it's like uh if it happens take this
plan out of the drawer and execute no um
we didn't have that plan it's funny what
you said about essential and we we
worked with a keynote speaker recently
who's very popular professor adam grant
who talks you know a lot about the
future of work and he kind of
came and talked to our group and kind of
called us essential workers now there's
people doing much more essential work
than us to be fair but just like some of
the importance of the services we're
offering to keep people connected and
you know it's funny to think about from
a sales point of view um there was you
know sudden and instant demand as you
would expect for our services and um you
know it's kind of like you know on a
sales point of view it's you know
quarter ends fun for those that are in
the audience that are you know carrying
a number or if you're a ceo you know you
like i'm sure you're watching and there
tends to be especially in b2b software
kind of an uptick that you see yeah yeah
at the end of a period and end of a
month even but even an end of a quarter
um and then you have this kind of big
peak and then there's a little bit of
okay now let's get the wheels going
let's build pipeline let's go and so it
was kind of like quarter in and then you
woke up the next day and it was like
quarter in and you woke up the next day
and it was like
saturday and it was like quarter ending
it's groundhog day for sales there was
and you as a sales leader you would
almost think that's your dream
and then you just realize your people
your processes your systems aren't just
they're just not built for this yeah so
you know you really have to adapt and
you know for us there was a lot of
stretching and there was some pretty
extreme stretching to be upfront in the
early early days i mean
our you know we went from around 10
million active daily users you know free
and paid to over 300 million in a pretty
short order of time and so
not just in sales but throughout the
company if you think about enabling and
what a product thank god we had the
right architecture as a company thank
god we had a lot of great workers thank
god we had many channels and routes to
market um to be able to support that um
but definitely you know we we kind of
say we stretched but we didn't break
and then you know humans adapt and then
you start putting plans in the process
and the first plans are they're a little
bit more about survival and i'll figure
out yes
but then it's more about like okay we
survived now we have to thrive and yeah
you adjust and it's funny to look that
even over a multi-month period how what
was honestly a bit of chaos initially
just becomes routine and it becomes
habit and it becomes expected and that's
just you adjusting processes and systems
and even things like order like just
systems that weren't built for this like
teams that came in at the end of a
quarter but they come in and they work
all night but then they go home and
they're not really that busy for the
next few days but now you're asking them
to do this for 10 straight days or 15
straight days or so you just you kind of
start seeing you have things about your
lead management system maybe it was
built for a certain volume you're doing
certain lookups against data well those
lookups apis don't work anymore and yeah
really literally looking at each process
each system in the early days and seeing
what things had to be turned off turned
down which things had to be adjusted and
realizing what you did in the past
wasn't gonna work um and so you know you
had to take a lot of the good but you
had to be willing to say i know this is
how we do it but this isn't we don't
need to do this right now like we need
to turn this off or turn this on or make
an adjustment and we made many
adjustments that over time because
they're not really an adjustment they
might become your new habit
you said 10 million to 300 million
active users which is that's that's
that's that's unfathomable growth right
but you have a team there that obviously
needs to support that kind of growth not
just in product but let's just talk
about sales as like uh as the focus
right so
when did you know like you said survival
first cool everyone stretches to a point
that's great but there had to be a
moment where you're like we need to hire
we need to hire quickly
we're remote this seems challenging like
can you walk me through kind of how you
tackled that issue because i can't
imagine what that was like no that's
great um you know it's funny um for sure
you needed people but then it you know
takes time to hire especially talent
yeah um and you also had to realize like
this isn't like a one-day blip or
two-day
and so we really did rapidly adjust you
know the good news is we had a
foundation in place if you think about
like you know capacity models for
recruiting what kind of recruiters took
what hiring we had process in place and
there's certain things that like being
remote made easier and there's certain
things that you know even at zoom we i
mean we are a global workforce but we
tended to be in an office workforce even
ourselves even though we used our tools
of course and we had the blessing of our
tools and services but there are um
certain things and ironically one of the
processes that actually got easier
in a completely high or not even a
hybrid honestly a remote world was
hiring if you and that was one of those
things where you just break some of your
habits like we would you know sometimes
fly you know not for all roles but for
more you know senior roles man we'd fly
you in we'd want to break bread with you
we you know we do a stand and deliver
we're scheduling it while other people
are maybe traveling or remote maybe
brian don't come in next week but on
third oh thursday you you have a me like
and you just go through all this well
guess what when all of a sudden it's
completely remote and you just remove
the filter of time people really aren't
traveling and even you let's just say if
you were happen to be our candidate even
you as a candidate guess what you're not
like oh well my boss is here on tuesday
we haven't like you're kind of at home
you have a little bit more freedom and a
little bit more flexibility just to get
on a call for a half hour and so
in a weird way recruiting um is actually
one of the processes that in a what was
then a completely remote world actually
got much easier um and that was almost
removing our own habit of scheduling and
time really helped condense the cycle
and then of course you know
it's a lot of sales management burden
there's no easy answer for that but
when we got to a point where you know i
think we're hiring hundreds of people
per quarter yeah you think about doing
that how many people you actually had to
interview and how many yeah screen and
so there's a lot of sales leadership
hours and there we didn't find an easy
answer when we started looking at how
many people are interviewing what does
that look like it's a process
but many many many still has leadership
hours but adding quality people is
definitely you know if not the most
important thing you can do in a business
like people are how you get there and so
you have to make sure you're investing
in that it seems it's it's a it's a
challenge i don't think a lot of leaders
have ever really had the opportunity to
have to come up against right hiring
hundreds of people in a quarter so
that's very interesting i i'm curious
just to think about that too you were
talking about the support mechanism
behind it um i promise everyone i'm
gonna get to the five steps of scaling
here this is good stuff so can you tell
me a little bit you had a leadership
team underneath you uh and obviously
they're trying to now manage maybe
something they've never even had to deal
with before your frontline leaders maybe
your vps sales can you talk a little bit
about
from your from your element like where
you sat how did you help enable your
leadership team to keep them focused
where did you have them spend their time
like that would be a an interesting
thing i mean in the early early days and
this wasn't a you know i know a lot of
engineering teams and product teams do
this i mean we were doing some daily
stand-ups kind of with senior leadership
in the company just making sure we're
all very focused yeah it was a very
intense environment yeah you know as
time went on for my team and we've
definitely had the gift and blessing of
time you know since then there's been a
lot of um we did a lot of like really
bringing the next level of leadership
and ironically when i came to zoom one
of the reasons i came to zoom originally
was to help it scale um and even though
the company's was great been through an
ipo was very successful there was
another level of skill needed and
thankfully we had started that process
that mindset of like it was the next
layer it was not that we need a bunch of
layers but you know think maybe not the
vp of a segment or a group but the
director the you know someone that's you
know overseeing multiple teams and
managers and putting in that structure
just to give a little bit more coaching
a little more guidance
and so we had kind of started setting
that in place already and then of course
you know with the rapid growth we had to
accelerate it quite a bit more than
probably more than definitely expected
very interesting i
just to shift on one more topic here
because um it's someone asked this in
the q a so i'm going to tackle it right
out the gate i think it's really
relevant i always thought about as a
leader a good leader has almost like a
circle of trust there are people that
they lean into and know they probably
are outside of your org they're almost
like your own board of directors would
you tell me a little bit about yours i'm
sure you have some some mentors peers
that you work alongside that maybe even
helped you and how did you even
formulate it yeah um i mean always
learning and that's you know one thing
that eric our ceo is you know amazing
about is continuous learning and he has
networked with every ceo at least in the
modern technology world um and through
the large enterprise and so um you know
the quality of people that we bring in
um as a company to do fireside chats to
learn from and you know for me it's
never been like one mentor like this is
the person like
yeah
you learn even people that you don't
know like i don't happen to know warren
buffett and and not because he's rich
but i actually find him extremely
interesting because if you read his
stuff or you listen to him he takes
things that are extremely complex like
you know financial markets and what's
happening in the world
and he simplifies them yeah such like ah
that makes sense like a very basic
almost mark twain type like yeah like
and so like you're reading things from
him and you're singing you're like okay
you're learning this piece and it's
almost like watching great people do
great things and thinking about you you
got to be yourself i think that's one of
the most important things in life is you
really need to be yourself but if you
surround yourself with greatness if you
listen to it if you absorb it if you
talk to people you know how do you take
a little piece of them and a little
piece of that and seeing what others
have done and how do you kind of learn
and grow from that i think that's really
great because you don't necessarily need
to have those mentors you know around to
call you could
easily learn from a mentor that's passed
or not around because they wrote it but
warren buffett i think it's interesting
he does he reads a new piece of
literature every day on the financial
markets and tries to do a deep dive on
it's something a habit he has i think he
says two hours in the morning every day
or something like that so that's that's
an interesting person um all right well
let's pivot into what we're here to talk
about today so you had these learnings
there is several that have come from it
i actually think it's interesting
because you say that this was almost the
role that you came into at the right
time right there was there was uh this
world of career
x and ring central and then you're at
zoom and and you have this ability this
these learnings that came away and it
was the culmination at zoom i'm going to
talk a little bit
into some of that background as well
because i think it's very relevant in
the five lessons we discussed today so
the first one right you you highlight it
as leverage every channel so how do you
think about channels at zoom or or even
at any organization and and what are
some of the ways you're leveraging them
yeah i mean i think you know channels
have a couple different meanings like
you know in this case with leveraging
you know every channel
really thinking about you know
segmentation and leveraging kind of like
direct sales partners of course will go
into um that's definitely one of them
but also you know leveraging even online
um you know thankfully at zoom we did
have an e-commerce channel um and you
know not just like a global and
especially with our global audience um
there was demand from places around the
world where we didn't have folks in that
country or we didn't have the scale of
folks in certain countries to support
the demand that was there yeah so really
being able to leverage that out um and
have you know a scalable repeatable
e-commerce that you know despite a rep
not being able to get to you because
they you know day one hit like there
wasn't the capacity to keep up with the
demand but there was still an outlet for
customers to be enabled an outlet for
customers to be serviced and maybe it
wasn't the number one way they would
want to in all fairness maybe it's not
their normal buying channel but they did
have an outlet and i think that was a
critical i don't you know i wish i could
say it was part of our master plan and
you know that's where we ended up um but
in hindsight it was definitely a
critical aspect that made it very helped
us a ton
interesting it's um you know i think a
lot of people spend a lot of founders
spend a lot of time developing that smb
channel and putting sellers against it
and developing out how that flow goes
when they make that transition to like
an econ model that's a that's a decision
right so um in fact how many times i'm
sure you've heard that question many
times when do i start selling more in an
enterprise how do i know when i can
start shifting there
do you see this the different segments
is like at this stage this is when you
employ this plan or how do you envision
that growth you know i i wish there was
a bible for
selling and running a company and here
it is and this is how it should be done
um part of it is you have to like we all
have to respect our mark just like we
have to be ourself we have to be
ourselves as a company and what i mean
by that is like what is your who's your
customer what's your product market fit
and spending time and thinking about
like okay are you something that's new
are you replacing existing service if
you're replacing an existing service you
know how was that bot like even if it
was a ring central in the past and we
started you know partner channels there
and at one point when i stepped back
from what we were selling at the early
core it was a phone system and yeah next
you know
channels weren't a huge part of our go
to market we had channels but they
weren't huge in the beginning
later with cisco definitely changed but
initially and but it was really stepping
back and looking at and thinking okay
how the previous product or service
we're trying to replace was bought by
some trusted advisor or something
so i think it's really important i also
think it's really important to segment
and i know depending on the size of your
business let's be clear when you have
five sales reps um or 20 like just get
it done right find a way there's no
segmentation everybody row or bust
that's it yes yeah yeah but but but as
you start scaling here okay 100 million
and they are like that's different well
what i've always found in my career is
that focus equals success and what i
mean by that is even at the most
simplistic level if you take something
like um an inbound a bdr or an sdr like
separating someone that's getting like
an inbound first you're proactively
going outbound like and separating those
processes you know of course separating
small business and whether you define
that as under 10 or 10 to 250 like
people have won the 99 like
separating that out and separating
enterprise i mean at zoom
we sell to individuals consumers
prosumers we sell to small businesses we
also sell the largest companies in the
world like you know almost half the
fortune 100 uses zoom um you know the
global 10 you know uses zoom and so
you know you sell to those customers and
then you sell to the mid-market but we
don't do it with the same sales process
we don't do it with the same sales reps
we don't do it with the same go to
market tactics and not that there's not
things that
leverage over or kind of connect over
between different groups
but the reality is we start with like
well what's needed for this customer how
are they buying what's the competitive
market what does that look like and then
you know what do we need to do
differently and then also you know
what's somewhat traditional what's
what's worked what hasn't worked and
then you tried things and you adapt from
there
so i can imagine too that you know
you're scaling from just uh
a few individuals trying to make it work
and seeing what's essential to
eventually having you know someone that
owns that that relationship right that
that that fortune 10 company is uh that
that's an owner right there's there's
probably what can i match with sometimes
yeah yeah
right because the amount of support
that's needed for that is a lot
different than uh the support of that
you know maybe a smaller support level
transactions one thousand percent right
but at the end of the day they're all
customers and so how are you going to
serve them and even from a support point
of view some of that might be with more
automation it might be with more
self-service yeah even the largest
companies in the world like self-service
too like it's not just for small
companies meaning when people are
searching or solving a problem they just
want it solved like the quickest way to
get that done now at the large ascent of
course you have you know even in the mid
and the largest we have account managers
we have a very active csm group
for our largest customers you know we
have the ability to do
kind of you know premier support
programs where they'll have almost
dedicated or semi-dedicated people that
100 know their environment that help
manage things internally around them
and really are kind of their advocates
internally
that are you know almost badged
employees basically is how
for the customer
so let me just ask one question further
on this when you were building out the
ring central team and you were employee
sales employee number one right and
you're building out that team did you
stack that out like um
how did you decide all right we're gonna
focus here on the growth then we're
gonna stack this in this is this is part
two like what what did that look like
yeah i don't know if i was wanted in
that top few but um what we you know to
be up front what we did is
so we didn't have like the whole master
plan of complete segmentation sitting
there when you have nothing to do right
you started honestly getting on the
phone talking to customers thinking
about what our talk track was but i mean
that was from the days of like literally
you have a salesforce instance but that
means you bought salesforce but like
it's in the wrapper you know like you
had to like really create process um and
then you just start creating some
process and some repeatability what's
working what's not you kind of get on
the phones and you make it happen and
then you adjust and you scale and you
ski and then you know over the years
over the you know you look over time and
then you look back and you've kind of
built this machine but i can't say
you're sitting there master planning the
whole machine on day one that's not the
truth you're learning and adapting
learning and adapting learning and
adapting and you're adjusting and even
at you know just about every company
i've been in what were the segments and
what they are the couple years later and
not eventually every year you're
changing them and what they are years
later they're different yeah focus so
even those things it isn't like it's a
constant it's adjusting to what's
appropriate and what's needed i love
that i think it aligns perfectly so um
thinking about this one other way too
you you're you're going back to
leveraging every channel so we talked a
little bit about um we kind of brushed
past channel partners we can talk to
that next in a minute when we talk about
lesson number two
but
i think there's interesting here because
whereas everything went really great for
zoom i imagine if you went backwards and
wanted to start leveraging your channels
again and you're thinking about how
could i do this differently if the same
thing happened do you ever if you have
you done like a retrospect and what
would have what would you have done
differently
you know how do you prepare for this
faster i mean you know that's like you
know ideally there's levels of scale um
there's level of people and hiring and
process yeah that you you would have
done quicker like today um sometimes you
can't be prepared for everything but
that's you know sort of like life i mean
i hate to say it but like the monday
morning quarterback is undefeated yeah
so it's really easy to play the game and
so you know one thing is you know
there's some planning exercises where
you know think you know it's easy to say
gosh like let's just take you know
especially time like this you know we're
rounding a calendar year and there's a
lot of reflection and goals for next
year and what you're doing but you know
how do you put your team in an exercise
where they're hey three years from now
what are we gonna be what's that gonna
look like
and you know sometimes you remove the
frame of time like you push it out there
so it loses a lot of the motion a lot of
the protectionism things that you might
run into you remove those things and you
get people to think about like what it
would be and then if you can align
around in a vision for what that is then
you start peeling it back and you say
okay great what are the things we need
to do now together
so you don't have to play monday morning
quarterback and let's be clear we all no
one runs a perfect playbook we all have
plenty of things i wish i did a little
of this a little bit of that
you know for zoom you know probably
getting the channels earlier that was i
mean when i got here day one that was
something we started i'm pushing but i
wish there would have been maybe earlier
investment would be an example
is service as a channel or is it a uh is
it a support structure for a customer
um tell me what you mean by that when
you say well services so thinking about
maybe a larger think about your ring
central days i know i i we you and i
share the telephony background in a way
right so i remember having like some
more complex issues that came up with
more complex sas and having a services
team that can help do those custom
builds you have a choice to make you can
hire that team internally you can hire
it externally like
that's that's where i'm going is that a
channel that you can leverage or is that
something that you just need to plan for
and have in place if you're a more cost
a more complex product yeah fair one of
the great things about zoom is it just
works so it's much easier from a service
perspective but um with that let it be
fair um with services there's a couple
things you know one thing i would say um
is it's a it's a yes and yes and what i
mean by that
is we enable services um at the end of
the day and what we do is we do have
ability to do full service when i say
full service i mean help manage the
environment if professional services are
me needed go ahead and do that and
that's because there's plenty of
customers that want that that need that
some customers want to do themselves
some customers want you to do that for
them and you need those capabilities at
the same time we work with a ton of
partners and for a lot of partners that
is part of their core go to market
that's their revenue stream as a sas
company that's not how we're valued
that's not core to our revenue stream
and so i don't want to say the wrong way
but we almost do it because we have to
because the customer needs it and that
we do anything the customer needs that's
how we think
but if a partner wants to do it we're
100 behind and they doing that and
helping them be successful there um the
key is they just need to be able to do
it at a high quality
because right today it's all about the
customer and the customer experience and
that's what we need to protect yeah and
they're representing your brand so that
that's um 100 all right so it's actually
a natural transition to lesson number
two here which is building out your
partner network so tell me more mr
customer what are we talking about
building out this partner network how
did we get there
yeah i mean we have a pretty incredible
i mean we added about 3 500 partners
over the last it's a major area of
investment so we've got
3 500 partners oh my goodness programs
over the last year you know we've
doubled our team that helps those
partners we're making investments and
programs and automation lots
and about today about 25 of our
non-online business globally comes from
partners and that's you know and that's
something that we're watching grow
that's more than double since i kind of
came in here a couple years ago plus
and you know one thing i'd say is
partners don't come in any one type
and so again you have to think about
your business what you're selling what
the need is um you know what's you know
what's been traditional what isn't um
but you know there's everything from you
know you could think like global system
integrators at the top end there's
master agents that happen to work in the
ucas world that we live in
that kind of work more as sales agents
very successful channel um there's vars
there's distributors to enable those
vars and and also you know and there's a
variety of other types you know some
that are just more service oriented
and then it also changes by country and
so we do have some mappings but it's for
our business of you know one is like if
you look at key markets and countries
and regions we're in
what are the core channels so like you
take something like master agent it's a
very successful program very scaled very
you know great for ucas in the united
states but that program doesn't barely
exist in asia yeah asia it's going to be
a lot more of a core resell something
that's going to probably be pricing and
packaging and servicing your product
like and so you know one thing is it's
not a one size fits all it's really
what's needed sometimes by the segment
but also for the market um and then you
know understanding the needs of those
partners and how do you add more value
but they're definitely quarter our go to
market you know they really help us
extend our reach and offer greater value
and also a lot of relationships that
they just have that you just couldn't
get um you couldn't build enough in
enough time
where they really help you win together
is there like an accreditation for those
partners for for you so that you know
you're they're representing you right
like how did you scale them because 3
500 is a lot yeah yeah and we do have
certification programs and badging and
in fact that's something that we're
working on right now in our program
how to even do that to the next level
and really kind of scaling and
differentiating amongst these partners
better for our customers that's one of
our initiatives as we go into this
current year
and again you know some of these are
some of the largest companies in the
world that you would know by name you
know um and take you know company like a
carrier service provider like illumine
take you know a cdw you know an insight
and some of these could be you know a
few folks that are working together in a
small business but guess what in des
moines iowa they know everybody in
healthcare or everybody in the downtown
and they're trusted and they're advisors
and they have relationships and so
there's not you know they're very
diverse that's what i would say yeah
yeah i i so so uh so scaling out that
partner network and helping enable them
so that they can speak to it that's
gotta i mean are you deploying
technology behind that is that something
that you're for sure
and lots of investment
in
partner portals you know how do you get
information
we're rolling out something right now
that you know one thing that depending
on the size some of the largest
companies are great at this but one
thing i find in the partner where one of
the strengths isn't usually marketing to
be upfront they're really good at
technical they're really good at
servicing they're really good at selling
but tech marketing is not always our
core so we're you know rolling out some
software now that enables you know how
do we take all of our assets how do you
let them
reload it how do you help them how do
you you know maybe you want to run a
field event but how do you do that in a
way where you know you could basically
on their behalf help market to their
people invite people get them in and do
a co-marketing event where they help
bring the audience and then you help
bring the presentation and then together
you go ahead and you know offer more
value to the customer i love that
friends i love that i have one more
question on this one before we we we
skipped the last round realizing our
time and i'm like i want to have enough
time for questions so um it goes fast
goes fast ryan here's my here let's
switch this this mentality of partner
network for a second into integrations
there's there's a
especially with the way in which apis
are being used to help enable different
programs to work together
integrations can really help be that
almost another channel or extra partner
network for several sas brands can you
can you talk a little bit about like how
do you balance integrations like how do
you work alongside as a sales leader
with the product team to help like give
the feedback on on ones that are going
well ones that aren't going well where
the need is like
just paint the landscape for me will you
yeah um closely is how we work as a
short answer but
you know all about delivering happiness
the end customer and part of doing that
is listening to what the customers need
yeah you know not just listening but
actually turning that into actual
product yeah functionality and so
um there's a lot you know it's between
our sales teams and really our solution
engineers kind of act as a centralized
resource for this um and collecting that
data passing on the product management
through engineering um and you know
we're very proud and we've built a very
robust set of integrations as you might
imagine into the leading applications
that offer value think of a service now
think of a salesforce.com you know all
kinds of applications that offer value
for our end customers to be used in a
more integrated fashion
we actually have a zoom marketplace you
know with hundreds of apps so you can go
to the zoom marketplace um and get those
integrations out of the box and you know
right
you have to buy third-party software but
the integration's at no cost no you know
we want to offer value to our customers
and then we actually have our zoom apps
um which takes that even to the next
level and even tighter integrates that
into zoom and so
doing that for our customers is core and
and then we've even taken it to the next
level in reverse
and it's like well how does zoom
integrate and everything else and so we
have a really robust and large isv
program um where you could take zoom and
you could use zoom as you know it you
could take zoom as a client and maybe
integrate it into your own companies
third party systems applications things
or maybe you're i don't know you're out
there creating a dating app or you're
out there creating up something where
video is a piece it's not the core you
don't necessarily need the whole zoom
experience but you need a piece of zoom
and we even enable that now for our
partners to tightly integrate in a very
seamless way maybe you're building a
telemedicine app um you're a large
healthcare organization and so but
you're building into an overall
framework well how you customize that in
the way that you want and offering a lot
of flexibility there so if i if i may it
sounds like when you think about
integrations or think about the
opportunity to open up your own api your
the thought process is really around
what is the customer going to use us for
how do we help enable them and then you
bring on your integration to support
that is that a good civilization of what
i think it is um and i think one thing
i'd say is integrations are key in the
south i mean you know is that you you
have to be connected you know people
want more seamless workflow at the end
of the day yeah there's not many
products or services that do everything
for the customer
connect to other applications um and so
i think that's core to being successful
in sas myself
i got like only a few minutes i got to
speed up my process let's just let's pop
through uh the the last three here
and see if we can get through them so
the third
lesson here was enabling a hybrid sales
force i think we all are accustomed to
that part right now i think the one
question i have here right is you see
more companies coming back together in
office elements coming back um i'm
curious like
when you think of enabling a workforce
that is truly in two places um what are
some of like just the key tips that
someone should put in place to make sure
that they're gonna be successful in
doing so
um you know depending which way you're
coming from from all field or from
inside um you know from a coming from a
you know in in inside going out like you
know what what are the metrics what are
you managing what are you watching how
are you enabling where do people go to
find information it's one thing when
they're walking up and down the hall um
and you can kind of lean over their
shoulder and hear someone say something
that's another thing when you know
you're not right over their shoulder to
answer a question so really how do you
find information how do you create
culture and you know make sure teams are
doing stand-ups they're getting together
even if it's virtually
you know when you know how do you know
sales has ups and downs how do you find
those pick-me-ups and what does it look
like um and then you know for us there's
a lot of things around technology using
our tools you know things like you know
we have smart gallery in our rooms
environment where you know you have
people back in the office it used to be
if you're remote you were the second
class citizen you know every room
they're shuffling their chip bag over
the speaker and you're trying to listen
in on a call and you're running between
airports and now you know some people
have really set up their home
environment they got their dual monitors
their lights they got everything now
they walk in the conference room and
they're like oh wow i'm just sitting
here in the back like it's not the same
and so there's things we're doing with
technology to really reframe those
people so the folks that are remote
don't feel like oh i can see the corner
of ryan's head and the side of ryan's
ear but how do you bring them into
almost a square like we're doing right
now so using kind of some technology to
help with that too you're talking to a
guy that actually i can't see it because
of my background but i built the office
in my backyard i'm actually in an office
that i built for my backyard so that i
could have a place to go to work um all
right but moving moving on number four
here we have invested enablement i'll
just briefly say there are so many
companies that don't take this seriously
early on right the younger you are
enablement is is like a nice to have
versus a need or perceived that way
perceived as a nice to have how do you
see
enablement in different segments what
can somebody do to just really enable a
team fast i think enablement's core um
and of course you know i have i kind of
have an army of enablement now because i
really believe it but we can always have
that and when you're smaller you can't
but i think when you're smaller you know
it's really important to be listening to
the customer of course how do you make
your products what do they need what's
working what's not and you're adapting
but then also what's working across the
sales floor how do you make that
repeatable and enablement is one of the
ways you know whether between sales or
product marketing and others how do you
make what talk tracks what process it
like and how do you do that and what's
crazy is this technology world moves so
fast the competition yourself the
product releases the customers needs the
you know situations around the world
like
there is so much for sales folks to know
um it's almost an impossible a task
sometimes when you realize what they
really have to know and so how are you
enabling them and like we're doing a lot
of investment now in like the next level
like zoom selling like you know
methodology to processes to
repeatability
we do a lot of things you know one thing
we inserted kind of during this you know
period of time that we just had about
growth were these zoom insights where we
created these like 30 minute sessions
like coming in on a subject we bring in
the experts you know and it could be on
a core product it could be on a new way
to sell could be a competitive thing and
really helping enable and educate the
sales force and these very digestible
would be another keyword um and then
doing a lot with recordings with online
learning right i'm realizing that like
getting everybody in a meeting and
having them all be there it's somewhat
unrealistic and sometimes your recorded
views are going to be higher than your
live views and knowing that you know
people really need it when they need it
even though they're learning it so they
need to know where do they go find it
later and having a good process for
finding information
just because it's like oh i learned that
but it's contextual well a week later
something comes up that makes me think i
need to know it you know unless you know
i'm i'm pr you know i don't remember
everything i learned and so i have to go
back where do i find it to go back well
so i i love that um i'm gonna just
because of time issues skip to the last
one here which is live your culture and
make it a good one but i will say that
right you can you can just to enable me
in peace it's practice at the early
stages find ways to practice with your
team it's then spend the money invest in
the later stages let's talk about
finally what's a modern sales culture
what does it feel like today and how do
you know you've done it right maybe two
seconds on two minutes on this because
we're we're about we're about out
there um you know i'd say even versus
like sales culture even a company
culture i mean zoom's about delivering
happiness um and doing that you know in
a caring sustainable way we have like
one
you know core value here in its care and
that's our community our customers our
company our teammates ourselves
and you know so first what is your
company culture versus just a sales
culture and then how do you bring it
down in the sales culture you know it's
really about you know creating teams in
a team environment meaning everyone has
their individual quotas and groups but
how do they all win together how are
they
towards common goals like you know i you
know i want players that aren't going to
just take care of themselves they're
going to make the people around them
better and we recognize we reward the
people that we promote you know from
inside into leadership they're people
that did great at their job they drove
results but it doesn't mean they were
the top sales person they did it there
they helped others around them they
added value maybe it's to their their
floor their office maybe it's their
segment maybe it's you know a vertical
that they're in whatever that is they're
finding ways to lead beyond just doing
their core job and that at least for me
in my environment is kind of the culture
we drive and then the last one is kind
of kaizon you know like you know
japanese always improving um and so you
just you know if you're not improving
you're falling behind and so how do you
keep getting better um and quite often
it's the little things it's not the
fancy behind the back pass um it's the
little things that you know make you
better at the end of the day
[Music]
you